EC-84: Revise Cache, Catalog and Checkout sections (#3)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/cache/basketpreview_cache_and_user_specific_data.md

eZ Commerce uses a lot of dynamic data which has to be displayed in the shop:

> - basket preview showing the number of products and a list of products

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- basket preview shows the number of products and a list of products
```

- the name of the customer
- the number of items in the wishlist

To improve the caching and speed up page loading, a special route is used to provide the dynamic data using a REST call.

> This concept enables caching pages in a more efficient way and placing dynamic attributes using JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables you to cache pages in a more efficient way and place dynamic attributes with JavaScript.
```

![](../img/basketpreview_1.png)

The response is cached via HTTP cache. It is purged whenever a basket is updated or a customer logs in.

> After page load JavaScript fetches the current data from the server and update:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After page load JavaScript fetches the current data from the server and updates:
```

## Extending the REST call

> The modules section can be used for project-specific data using a tagged service which has to implement a service using a special service tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modules section can be used for the project-specific data. It uses a tagged service that has to implement a service via service tag:
```

....
```

> 5.\ Change the Twig block `basket_preview` in `pagelayout.html.twig` using a static HTML markup which is replaced by JS after loading the session data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.\ Change the Twig block `basket_preview` in `pagelayout.html.twig` using a static HTML markup which is replaced by JavaScript after loading the session data:
```
